so today I'm gonna be having a quick
look at the Microsoft arc Mouse now I
unboxed the arc keyboard quite recently
and while I had thought it was new it
turns out that was one of my co-workers
playing a prank on me I didn't even
think to look it up and find out that
the art keyboard is not a new product at
all but I figured hey since I've you
know gone and unboxed the keyboard I
might as well do the mouse too so it
works with Windows 7 Windows Vista
Windows XP OSX and that's pretty much it
as far as what it says on that side it
is designed for comfort and folds for
portability so that's pretty cool
then it has a picture of the mouse and
then on the back we find the mouse folds
on a strong metal hinge to 60% of its
fully expanded size the fully motion
turns the most on or off and the micro
transceiver snaps into the bottom of the
mouse just like the keyboard I'm
assuming the advanced performance
includes laser tracking for precision
and 2.4 gigahertz Wireless with up to 30
foot range so something like this would
be perfect like I said with the keyboard
that isn't new for something like a
media PC you know if you want something
that just kind of you can sit on the
couch it doesn't take up a lot of space
that sort of thing so here is the mouse
itself so it has kind of a neat shape to
it and I'm still kind of puzzling about
how to get the Box open like this almost
looks like something that should sit on
a retail like a retail hook if it had a
little thing here and like where it
would just sit like this that would kind
of work for it to I think that's ok
let's open it up ok in here they have
the little test print tea thing
ms color bar v5 ok that's not important
alright inside we find documentation
including the Microsoft product guide
which tells you how to avoid damaging it
how to select an appropriate power
source how to use a mouse and keyboard
without injuring yourself how to not
look directly into the laser alright
although useful information download
software hey hey Microsoft has it
figured out look at this they don't
include a software DVD all you do is you
download the software for Microsoft home
slash hardware this is what I always
tell people to do anyway
brilliant ok so then that's pretty much
all it has
more information so you need to install
the batteries insert the transceiver and
then fold for portability when you're
not using it so that's a very simple
very simple setup guide there we go
I don't know what's gonna be in here
this is a mystery but you open this up
and then inside we find batteries
so this accepts triple-a batteries and
it includes a couple of Duracell ones by
default I'm guessing this pouch is for
the mouse it's kind of a like a sweetie
sort of leathery material seems
reasonably durable there's like little
stiffener pieces in the top and I'm home
it's ha there magnetic strips look at
that so that keeps the bag closed even
though it's actually quite easy to open
cuz they're like those flexible magnets
very cool
okay and inside here so I figured out
how to get the mouse up you take these
two little tabs you fold them down and
then once you do that the whole plastic
tab will fit up to the top and then the
mouse will come out just like that that
was simple okay so here at the bottom of
the mouse we find the little USB
transceiver which clips into place with
a magnet so appropriate use of magnets
on this particular product it's very
very small and the mouse itself is
actually also very very small cameraman
just got an SSD so he wants me to
compare it in size to his SSD which
he'll be using to not take forever to
load games while we wait for him and
Leah in the lobby okay so there's his
SSD and here is the mouse so here we
have a scroll wheel we have a left and a
right click so it's nothing too
complicated as far as that goes
the ergonomic shape is actually yeah
it's not bad considering how small it
folds up so why don't you take the mouse
and put it inside the little pouch
because that's where it's supposed to go
so the mouse is going home there it goes
and then you can close it up and then
you can throw that in your laptop bag I
guess it actually has quite a bit of
strength even when it's folded like you
you wouldn't worry about breaking it you
can see how it's it's braced quite well
against itself there so let me have a
look oh it's got non-slip pads here and
here so if you're using it on a surface
where you know it's not particularly
slippery you still don't have to really
worry about that
the laser is in not a centered location
but I'm going
go ahead and assume that it still works
fine let's get the battery compartment
open so if you were gonna install the
batteries you'd put them in here and I
think that pretty much covers it you
know what before we before we wrap this
up why don't I just go over to the
cameraman's desk here next to his other
Microsoft Mouse which I hate this mess
it's so like laggy but this one seems
like it would probably be pretty good oh
it has another button check this out
it's got what woman's gonna assume is a
browser back button which in my opinion
is an essential button on any Mouse
these days I can't remember how I lived
without it it's like going back to a
mouse that doesn't have a scroll wheel
like that's bad be the worst thing ever
so it actually has four buttons one two
three four so you can press the middle
click it feels not bad I'm actually
really surprised and I'm kind of harping
on this issue but it actually feels
surprisingly good the mouse buttons have
a good clicky tactile feel to them this
is a little bit out of reach for me like
if I had if I had bigger hands you can
see my thumb isn't even close to
reaching that button but I don't think
it'd be a problem for me if I had bigger
hands either way thank you for checking
out my unboxing and first look at the
Microsoft arc foldable portable mouse